OSSMDOC-198: Update configuration reference section. (#34983)
openshift/openshift-docs: service_mesh/v2x/ossm-reference-smcp.adoc

> include::modules/ossm-document-attributes.adoc[]

Reviewer: I know you didn't change it in this PR, but maybe consider changing "SMCP" in the title to "Service Mesh control plane"?
It's not immediately obvious what this means IMP

:context: ossm-reference

> You can customize your {ProductName} by modifying the default `ServiceMeshControlPlane` (SMCP) resource or by creating a completely custom SMCP resource.  This reference section documents the configuration options available in the SMCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize your {ProductName} by modifying the default `ServiceMeshControlPlane` (SMCP) resource or by creating a completely custom SMCP resource.  This reference section documents the configuration options available for the SMCP resource.
```

Some of my suggestions above use object rather than resource but either is fine

include::modules/ossm-cr-example.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== spec parameters

include::modules/ossm-cr-general.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ossm-cr-profiles.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

For information about creating profiles, see the xref:../../service_mesh/v2x/ossm-profiles-users.adoc#ossm-control-plane-profiles_ossm-profiles-users[Creating control plane profiles].

> For more detailed examples of security configuration, see the xref:../../service_mesh/v2x/ossm-security.adoc#ossm-security-mtls_ossm-security[Security section].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed examples of security configuration, see xref:../../service_mesh/v2x/ossm-security.adoc#ossm-security-mtls_ossm-security[Mutual Transport Layer Security (mTLS)].
```

include::modules/ossm-cr-techPreview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ossm-cr-tracing.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ossm-cr-version.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ossm-cr-threescale.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ossm-cr-status.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="additional-resources_ossm-reference"]

> == Additional resources

Reviewer: For future, consider updating links so that the names match the titles of the section
e.g.
** xref:../../service_mesh/v2x/ossm-security.adoc#ossm-security-mtls_ossm-security[Mutual Transport Layer Security (mTLS)]

also, one more instance of `ServiceMeshControlPlane` that needs "object" or something after it below 😉 but like I said, can be done another time, I know it's out of scope of this PR for now
